Add check-latest flag (#141)
actions/setup-java: README.md

**NOTE:** The different distributors can provide discrepant list of available versions / supported configurations. Please refer to the official documentation to see the list of supported versions.

### Check latest

> In the basic examples above, the `check-latest` flag defaults to `false`. When set to `false`, the action tries to first resolve a version of Java from the local cache. If unable to find a specific version in the cache, the action will download a version of Java. Use the default or set `check-latest` to `false` if you prefer stability and if you want to ensure a specific version of Java is always used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the basic examples above, the `check-latest` flag defaults to `false`. When set to `false`, the action tries to first resolve a version of Java from the local tool cache on the runner. If unable to find a specific version in the cache, the action will download a version of Java. Use the default or set `check-latest` to `false` if you prefer a faster more consistent setup experience that prioritizes trying to use the cached versions at the expense of newer versions sometimes being available for download.
```

- [Testing against different platforms](docs/advanced-usage.md#Testing-against-different-platforms)
- [Publishing using Apache Maven](docs/advanced-usage.md#Publishing-using-Apache-Maven)
- [Publishing using Gradle](docs/advanced-usage.md#Publishing-using-Gradle)

> - [Hosted Tool Cache](#Hosted-Tool-Cache)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Hosted Tool Cache](docs/advanced-usage.md#Hosted-Tool-Cache)
```
